# GT Crystal Collector  

For fans of the present generation, no symbol is more synomymous with championship college football than the Waterford Crystal football that adorns the AFCA National Championship Trophy.  So when tasked with creating a "Crystal Collector" themed game, the <strong>Georgia Tech Yellow Jackets</strong> football team, winners of 4 National Championships in their history in 1917, 1928, 1952 and 1990, come to mind as a consummate collector of crystals.  

In the fun, math based <b><i>GT Crystal Collector</b></i> game, players are given a random <strong>Trophy Target</strong> number ranging between <strong>19-120</strong>.  Players are presented with buttons for each of Georgia Tech's 4 national championships.  Each trophy is assigned a hidden random value between <strong>1-12</strong>.  Each time the player clicks one of the trophies, the trophy's hidden value will be added to the player's score.  The goal of the player is to use the combinations oftrophy's values to match the <strong>Trophy Target</strong> number.  If the player matches the target, the player wins the round!  However, if the player's score goes over the target number, the player loses the round.  

After each round is complete, a new random <strong>Trophy Target</strong> number is displayed.  But to keep things interesting, each crystal trophy is also assigned a new hidden random number each round.  So you better be ready to use your math skills if you want to be a true </strong>GT Crystal Trophy Collector!</strong>  
